Now you can also create generator methods on your class.
Very similar to what you would do with objects so for example what do class and will just do we'll just
call it let's say.
GEN.
Yes.
And then inside of here in order to make a generator method all we have to do is a star in the name.
So in this case what does call it make iterator and then inside of here we can yield.
So we'll do yield one yield two and then yield three like so.
And then after that we have to first instantiate this class SOTY Konst instance equals nine new Djin
class like so.
And then we can take that instance and access the generator function on it which will then return this
iterator right here and then we can cancel dialog iterator dot next like so.
And as you can see it'll return our first result object.
So what we did here was define a generator class method and then we hardcoded the results inside of
that generator.
Now generator class methods are useful if you have a collection like an object for example an object
is a good example.
And you're using that object has a collection to represent values.
And of course different collection types like sets maps and arrays have a lot of builtin generators
that you can use to iterate through them.